Netflix Movie and TV shows CLusterin

Netflix is a global streaming service with over 200 million subscribers. The company has a vast library of movies and TV shows, and it can be difficult for users to find the content they will enjoy. One way to improve the user experience is to cluster movies and TV shows into groups based on their similarity. This will allow users to easily find content that is similar to what they have already watched or rated.
This project will use machine learning to cluster movies and TV shows on Netflix. The first step will be to collect data on all of the movies and TV shows on Netflix. This data will include the title, genre, cast, crew, release date, and rating. Once the data has been collected, it will be preprocessed to remove any errors or inconsistencies. This dataset consists of tv shows and movies available on Netflix as of 2019. The dataset is collected from Flixable which is a third-party Netflix search engine.
The next step will be to use machine learning to cluster the movies and TV shows. Many different clustering algorithms can be used, but the most appropriate algorithm will depend on the specific data set. In this case, a hierarchical clustering algorithm will be used. Hierarchical clustering algorithms start by creating a cluster for each data point. Then, the algorithm iteratively merges the clusters that are most similar to each other. This process continues until there is only one cluster left.
Once the movies and TV shows have been clustered, the results will be analyzed. This will involve examining the size and composition of each cluster. It will also involve looking at the similarities between the movies and TV shows in each group.
The results of this project will be used to improve the user experience on Netflix. The clusters will be used to create recommendations for users. This will allow users to easily find content that they will enjoy.

PS: The information includes TV episodes and films available on Netflix in 2019, according to Flixable, a third-party Netflix search engine. An incredible analysis published in 2018 highlighted an interesting trend: the number of TV series on Netflix has doubled since 2010, but the number of films decreased by over 2,000 titles over the same period. This knowledge gives an intriguing chance to examine deeper into the dataset and discover new insights. By digging further into the statistics, you may learn about the distribution of genres, languages, and release years, as well as the link between ratings and viewership. This study might reveal popular genres, highlight trends in viewer preferences, and give information on the effect of social media
